Im spatial navigation custom keybindings (#454)
CoherentLabs/GameUIComponents: docs/content/en/interaction-manager/spatial-navigation.md

Unfocuses the currently focused element in a navigatable area.

### changeKeys()

> ```{.javascript}

Author: Fixed

spatialNavigation.changeKeys({ up: 'W', down: 's', left: 'a', right: 'd' }, { changeDefault: true });
```

Sets new keys for spatial navigation.  

> Accepts an optional options object as the second argument with one option: `changeDefault`. Defaults to `false`. If `true`, it overrides the default navigation keys with the provided ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method accepts an optional options object as a last argument. The available options are: 
* `changeDefault` - Boolean. Defaults to `false`. If `true`, it overrides the default navigation keys with the provided ones. If `false` the default keys won't be overridden and the provided ones will be used as well.
```

Or something similar to this.

Author: Doc has been altered in order to fit the logic for the newly decided flag `changeCurrentActiveKeys`

### changeKeys()

```js
spatialNavigation.changeKeys({ up: 'W', down: 's', left: 'a', right: 'd' }, { clearCurrentActiveKeys: true });
```

The method accepts an optional options object as a last argument. The available options are: 

> * `clearCurrentActiveKeys` - Boolean. Defaults to `false`. If `true`, it clears all other keys except the provided ones. If `false` the provided keys will just be added to the registered keys collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `clearCurrentActiveKeys` - Boolean. Defaults to `false`. If `true`, it clears all other keys except the provided ones. If `false` оr not specified the provided keys will just be added to the registered keys collection.
```
